Modify the navigation, remove older release notes, split into separate files for 0.6.21 and 0.6.20 (#297)
dfinity/docs: modules/release-notes/pages/0.6.21-rn.adoc

= Highlights of what's new in {release}
:description: DFINITY Canister Software Development Kit Release Notes
:proglang: Motoko
:platform: Internet Computer platform
:IC: Internet Computer
:company-id: DFINITY
:sdk-short-name: DFINITY Canister SDK
:sdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Software Development Kit (SDK)
:release: 0.6.21
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix:.adoc]

The {release} release primarily consists of changes to support new features that are not yet complete, including fixes and updates to DFX commands, {proglang}, the {proglang} base library, and Candid.

== New features and capabilities

The most significant new features and capabilities include updates in the following functional areas:

* <<DFX,DFX>>
* <<Candid,Candid>>
* <<Motoko,Motoko>>

=== DFX

* Two new subcommands—`+get-wallet+` and `+set-wallet+`—have been added to the `+dfx identity+` command to support working with wallet canisters.
+

> You can use these commands locally for testing purposes. However, they are not yet supported on the public {IC} network.

Reviewer: These commands aren't yet supported locally either. 
```suggestion
However, they are not yet supported on neither the version of the replica bundled with dfx nor the public {IC} network.
```
